# Work in Progress
---
## Previous Working
- [ ] Refactor the ADC program previously working by Tiger
--- 
## Today
- [x] Apply Taper to suppress the side lobe
- [x] Analysis the beam steer symmetric angle, and study the minimum and maximum angle without target confusion
- [x] Configurating lwip/tcpip timerinterupt for dhcp routine
- [x] Debug Xscugic handler for GPIO, maybe conflict with outher handler with redeinfer handler.
- [x] Refactor code of interrupts and variable sharing
- [x] GPIO and TCPIP Interrupt only work once, tcpip cannot receive after output. ( After a long duration of waiting, it will suddenly work as normal) 
- [ ] ADC data too few samples, suspecting buffer problems, ADC FMC data reading, or DMA side problems.
- [x] Tested GUI vs TCPIP Command, command works, but GUI don't, so it can be sure is GUI problem
- [ ] DDR faster access is ok, but slow access in debug mode will have degraded data.
- [x] Check Vivado ADC stream output format for generated data and data read from ADC.
- [x] ADC Stream cannot received signal from ADC
	- [ ] lacking the SPI interface to communicate with ADC
- [x] System ILA seems not work with AXIS, need test
	- [ ] need proper trigger to access the stream data  on right moment
- [ ] DMA can only read once
	- [ ] after debug with ILA, no adc data stream from the IP block
	- [ ] fix the verilog logic in ADC IP block, maybe I code the wrong logic

# Goal 
- [ ] ADC on FPGA
- [ ] Documenting Project

# Worth Trying
- [x] Change the antenna element to synthesis one, instead of given micro inserted one
- [ ]  Show the correct concept of receiving side beam forming, with animation. 
- [ ] DMA Scatter Gather Engine for higher throughput 
- [ ] LVDS interface for long range noise rejecting communication

# To-Do
- [x] Matched Filter (FPGA)
- [ ] ADC (FPGA)
- [ ] CMOS Interface communication from FPGA

# Fixed
- TCPIP Interrupt problem fixed by increase SND_BUF, and consume most of data sent. The interrupt occurs only once  because the buffer is full and prevents external communication from interrupting it.